Before we actually dive into building out our application,
what I want to do is give you a little tour of it first.
So here what we have is a contacts app.
So we have a list of contacts that we're entering.
Each contact has an avatar as well as a name and their Twitter handle.
What we can do is if you come up here,
you can filter the contacts.
So I can filter for myself by typing in TY or I can filter for Richard.
You'll also notice that we have this little button right here,
that when we click on it, we will reset
that state so that we then get all of our contacts.
We can also remove a contact and then if we wanted to add a new contact what we can do,
is click on this button right here,
type in the name as well as the handle.
And then we can click on the little icon right there and select the avatar.
And then once we have the avatar,
we can click on add contact and that will be added to our list of contacts.
So what I really want you to do and what I really want you to think about right now,
is the way in which you're going to build out this application.
With React, the way that you build a large React application
is by building out a bunch of smaller applications or components.
So I want you to think before we actually dive into building this out,
I want you to think about how you would structure this application,
if you were to break it down into components.最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6